mmh
Do you mind, It sound Kaisendon?
It's probably like my favorite. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, but
It seem like a Donburi style? So it's
pretty much like a lot of like salmon, um... tuna, like sashimi.
On top of like a rice bowl and they has like all this assortment of like other seafoods mixed in layer.
Yeah, And I think that's my number one.
Yeah. It's on top.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
It's really good.
I had a really good one, when I went to like um... Ishinomaki.
In Sendai area.
um, coz like I'm volunteering at that time, and
I had like a... um, I forgot the name of the restaurant they're ordering to, but that one has a
classic noodle that I ever had. Yeah...
Yeah.
mmh
Yeah, the freshest food too.
Asahikawa, ooh.
mmh
I've been to Hokkaido, but I don't think I stopped by Asahikawa.
Yeah.
mmh
Oh.
Yeah. In like Iceland.
I had a whale meat in a restaurant, and I thought it was gonna be kinda weird, but it's actually
taste good. Pretty good
actually we all do, with me and my friend. Yeah. We all tried it.
mmh. mmh.
Yeah.
Yeah, I heard it like a very like distinct like taste to it. Yeah.
Compare to other extra meat.